hey everybody um we've been saying I've
been working like on a lot of things in
parallel and I've kind of we finally got
a new set of car shaders and things to a
standard we actually like the kind of
the previous shaders on a previous car
but it looks a bit funky didn't look
quite right some people said it looked a
bit odd and yeah we won't like paint
before the egg so I've done a bit of
work on them and so this is our kind of
our new Patriot let's chew the kind of
occasion there you go so cash blue so
the reflections are kind of a lot more
realistic and a lot more toned down with
specular highlights embarrassing so
these are one of the new car bodies done
by Daffy done by Andrew that have door
seems in them things a lot nicer the
plastic surrounds around the windows few
more details and Jeremy bit nicer so
yeah so much happier moved away all
these look it's not just a car what he
showed has been reworked the headlight
shaders have been reworked and
headlights have kind of not quite
refractions but then I don't know what I
really describe that is the slatted
textured glass look looks yeah I for now
although they had lice and turn over
there a little bit a little bit too
reflective we still got to work on them
you're not speaking to go with all these
values but the general project is in
place anyway I might just go to form the
car body good look earlier we were
playing around so stretch that out
stretch that
something like that I'll tighten I've
heard it's something really odd I think
I actually bit about that yeah you
really like making ugly cast I do like
making over because okay you're obsessed
with replicating the blobby 90s you need
company of your dreams yes no I am
really kind of gone into the mini SUVs
as I mean I can't quite sure why on your
terrible person bring the boat yeah all
right put the headlights back on it one
limitation is you can't deform the car
after you put headlights on it this kind
of really hard to actually make that
work from the programmatically point of
view so yes I put on my headlights are
from a little bit think that the chrome
version of the grill yep
yeah litton really ugly grill just
because I want to shrink it down because
we don't have car badges yet I'm going
to play out going to but then i will get
a little bit of grill that grill car
badge yeah and then we'll have some well
you didn't see that okay there's a front
oh we have wing mirrors so now have wing
mirrors all very nice and to the rear
we've just recently had the door handles
as well we only have one door handle
there you go let's you're gonna choice
chrome door handles or your car and then
on the rear the shade is about the
intelliwhite support nicer to what
you're rather and more reflective first
to put that hammer yeah kind of cooked
without we've also up the resolution of
one of the maps that stamps the lights
into the car so the less jagged edges on
the side of the lights and they stamp it
a bit more smoothly and yeah and yeah as
Andrew said they've got kind of nicer
shaders on the tailless everything's got
a nicer much much happier ver everything
looks now we will do 65 got Lamborghini
wheels oh I'll be trusted yeah no way
this mainly just showing off on you
beautiful as such yep all right good at
it looks like a car it's always a good
sign anyway yeah thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed it